Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-ce12-lab-2-the-price-is-random
<br>
● Create a Lab2 folder (note the capitalization convention, include no extracharacters in the directory name) that contains the following files:○ Lab2.lgi in the Lab2 folder○ README.txt● Commit and Push your repository● Tag the commit that you would like to be graded○ The tag must be in the form Lab2_submission_# (note the capitalizationconvention)Lab ObjectiveIn this lab you will design and simulate a guessing game that compares a user inputto a random number. If the user input matches the random number, the score isincremented by 2; if the user guesses low, by 1, and if the user guesses high, by -1.DescriptionA random number will be generated and compared against a keypad entry. Seven-segmentdisplays will be used to display the user answer (keypad entry), the correct answer(random number), and the score.Use two’s complement to keep track of a negative score. Numbers shown must be humanreadable, i.e. if the value is negative, the score must be shown with a negativesign. (Hint: If the number is negative, display the additive inverse and a negativesign.)Top LevelHere is a top-level block diagram of the game. Note that clouds indicatecombinational logic.Lab 2 Page 1 of 6 Fall 2018

Figure 1: Top Level DiagramLab 2 Page 2 of 6 Fall 2018NoteFor the register, use D flip-flops, and make sure they are edge triggered with aclear line. You may NOT use the counter, mux or ALU objects provided in MML.USE DON’T USEFigure 2: MML PaletteFor your convenience, here is a tabular description of how flip-flop with clear lineworks. You may also find practice_flipflow.lgi handy for understanding how flip-flopsset and reset.Extra CreditYou may have noticed, with the current implementation, you can cheat by simplypressing the keypad after the random number is generated and displayed.1. Add functionality to prevent users from cheating in this fashion.2. Make the “Always Show Correct Answer” switch work. Make it so when the switchis off, the seven segment display for “correct answer” will display “0.” (zerowith a decimal point). If the switch is on, it will show the random number (nodecimal point). Hint: think about muxes.If you choose the extra credit route, add a comment on the first page of the templateindicating you have chosen the extra credit option.TemplateThe components on the first sheet of your schematic file should match the template.You are permitted to change only the text – your name, CruzID, and the sender andreceiver names if you’d like. Additional wires and logic circuits shall be drawn onsubsequent pages. If you are not choosing the extra credit option, remove the switchlabeled ‘cheat’ and the sender associated with it. You may add as many pages asnecessary.Lab 2 Page 3 of 6 Fall 2018Figure 3: Lab 2 TemplateAn example of how to hook up the D flip-flop is shown on page 2 of the template. Thiscircuit should be deleted in the version of the lab that you turn in.Lab 2 Page 4 of 6 Fall 2018Figure 4: Flip-flop Usage ExampleCommentsEach page should be labeled with your last name, first name, and CruzID (the nameused in your UCSC email address). Label each circuit with a description of thefunctionality and the part of the lab that they are for.Visual StructurePresentation of information is an important part of deliverables. Clean documentationis easy to comprehend and looks professional. Your circuits should be structured inan organized method that is easy to read and interpret. Using the “Snap to Grid”setting under the View menu makes it easy to line up components. Do not have crossingwires.README.txtThis file should be a plain text document and contain your last name, first name, andCruzID. Use the template shown below (also on canvas). Put effort into your answers.

What were the learning objectives of this lab?Write the answer here.Did you encounter any issues? Were there parts of this lab you found enjoyable?Write the answer here.How would you redesign this lab to make it better?Write the answer here.Lab 2 Page 5 of 6 Fall 2018

Missing Wire Best PracticesMML has a known bug which causes some wires to disappear after reopening the file. Toreduce the likelihood of this occurring, DO NOT use the “Node” tool (it’s a tinyblack dot located at the top-right of the tool palette). This tool is particularlyvulnerable to the bug.If this bug occurs, the grader will attempt to repair the missing wire in your file.This is only possible if your circuit is very readable. Make sure that wires do notcross whenever possible. Wire paths should be short and direct. Use receivers veryliberally.Lab 2 Page 6 of 6 Fall 2018